Reduced ESR maintenance overhead with file includes (#7721)
mattermost/docs: source/about/common-esr-support-upgrade.md

> - Support for Mattermost Server v9.5 [Extended Support Release](https://docs.mattermost.com/about/release-policy.html#extended-support-releases) has come to the end of its life cycle on November 15, 2024. Upgrading to Mattermost Server v9.11 or later is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support for Mattermost Server v9.11 [Extended Support Release](https://docs.mattermost.com/about/release-policy.html#extended-support-releases) is coming to the end of its life cycle on May 15, 2025. Upgrading to Mattermost Server v10.5 or later is required.
```

> - Upgrading from ESR-to-ESR (``major`` -> ``major_next``) is fully supported and tested. However, upgrading from ESR-to-ESR (``major`` to ``major+2``) is supported, but not tested. If you plan to upgrade across multiple releases, we strongly recommend upgrading from an ESR to another ESR. For example, if you're upgrading from the v8.1 ESR, upgrade to the [v9.5 ESR](https://docs.mattermost.com/about/mattermost-v9-changelog.html#release-v9-5-extended-support-release) or the [v9.11 ESR](https://docs.mattermost.com/about/mattermost-v9-changelog.html#release-v9-11-extended-support-release).

Reviewer: I think the example makes sense.
